All I want to be is a chevrolet public alley-coop.
All right.
Harmon Count is now in session.
I am your guest counselor, Ryan Ridley.
Coming to the stage, your game master, Spencer Britton.
And now the mayor of Harmon Count and Harmon.
Harmon!
It's like some Haun and Manchin music.
What's that?
Haun and Manchin music.
Oh.
That's what it sounds like to me.
Scary.
So it's like the Halloween equivalent of turkey sandwiches.
We're just like, we're just using up a couple extra scary things.
Like, you know, ghosts.
They have unfinished business.
All right.
Well, I'm not going to lie to you guys.
It's going to be a bad show tonight.
We already discussed it beforehand.
Yeah.
I'll just run through, okay, like the things that I wrote in Microsoft One Note,
because fuck you ever note.
Yay.
It's a good app.
That's the guy that introduced me to it.
All right.
So my therapist thinks that my book, she keeps mentioning my bug bites.
I trusted her before that, because I thought she was like a scientist of the mind,
but then she was like, she's like, what's going on with your arms?
And I was like, I have these, if a flea bites me or a mosquito or anything like that,
like the bite is there forever.
That's one of the many reasons why I'm better off in LA.
You know, like in Milwaukee, where there's mosquitoes like for a month of the year,
like it would just be covered.
And I don't know, I probably have some allergy or something.
Like, I don't think it's psychosomatic.
I don't think it's like,
Oh, she was suggesting that it was like, that it was a symptom of my unresolved wounds.
Whoa, really?
And I'm like, you and my chiropractor, but I trusted her.
Like the chiropractor I get, because he's like not a real doctor.
So he's just like, oh, and then the first time I ever took off my shirt in front of my chiropractor
so he could scan me, he's like, oh, you have these open wounds on your back.
I'm like, it's acne.
Have you ever seen a person that ever ate anything besides kale?
It was just, it made me feel like I was like, oh, he must like, and he's always like pointing out
like if I have like lint when I pull out my stuff before I lay on the table,
he'll be like, you should get a money clip or something if the money's loose.
I'm like, Jesus Christ, this guy just hate me.
Like, he just like looks at me like a big giant, like, like, just, yeah,
just a pile of fucking like matchsticks.
He has to count and sort.
You've opened wounds, open, don't say that open sores.
It's it's just stop bullying me.
But you're saying your therapist really thought you've just psychologically made spider bites appear?
Yeah, like in that Kronenberg movie from the 80s.
The brood?
No, not Nightbreed.
Nightbreed.
That was Clive Barker for God's sakes.
Kronenberg was in it.
That guy loves Kronenberg so much he considers Nightbreed a Kronenberg movie
because Kronenberg was was in it as button face.
The, the, no, I have like, like, like, if you could see with the camera,
like, like, you know, these take, I probably got bit by, I think I,
my dogs didn't take their flea meds during the divorce like for a week.
So, so then there was probably a flea in the bed.
They love me.
And I got a couple of these bites.
Like, this is like, oh, no, no, I mean, anyways, I'm just saying like,
I don't trust my therapist anymore because she was like, oh,
what are those things in your arms?
I'm like, are we already talked about this?
You focus on these things.
It's like, what is this?
Like a cold read technique?
Or you just like pick up on whatever is weird, you know,
if the person like runs their hands through their hair,
do you go like, what are you touching your hair?
And then like, and then they try to bring it back around.
Like you just kill time for 15 minutes.
And then you go, so it's like touching hair.
And then the person is supposed to go, wow, and leave.
My therapist told me today that there's a California law that you have to ask
women if it's okay to have sex beforehand.
Apropos of nothing, she just brought it up.
So that made me a little nervous.
And you don't believe her?
I just wanted more information.
You want more information?
Yeah.
Your therapist, can we talk about your therapist?
Sure.
Is it okay?
I guess so.
Because you said, because Ryan started going to his current therapist,
same situation as me, you started going to a therapist that you met
as a couples therapist.
And now the relationship is over, but you're still seeing this person.
With one notable patch, which is that you were going to,
can I talk about that?
I don't know.
But I'm not going to stop you.
Okay, all right.
Well, you said that she's like, like you went to her because she is open
to the concept of polyamorousness.
I mean, I don't know if that's why we went, but you know,
they happen to be her specialty.
Yeah.
All right.
But then the couple broke up.
And then now he's just seeing a lady about his own brain working.
But every once in a while, she brings up the fact.
She's like, well, you know, as a polyamorous therapist,
I think you should work out your strategy.
And you're like, wait, oh, yeah, that's right.
I came to you because you've...
She's definitely never going to judge me.
I mean, you know what I mean?
There's no boundaries there.
Right.
If she was like, I think you play too many video games,
you'd be like, why don't you fuck everybody?
Regardless of whatever the situation is.
Crazy lady.
But yeah, I don't know.
But it's like, I don't, I mean, come on, you know,
what is she saying that my immune system is weakened
because of my wounds from childhood or something like that?
You're doing her work for her, it sounds like.
Well, no, she's trying to...
I mean, she went down this road and I was like,
I just wanted to...
I was just like, man, come on.
I had a friend who, when he would be really stressed,
he would have a weird reaction to his detergent.
And when he wasn't stressed, he wouldn't.
So he would switch detergents depending on how rough of a time
in his life he was having.
All right, so there's a...
Because he really loved that guy,
loved that detergent.
Well, no, he hated the other one.
Because apparently the stuff he was allergic to...
But he didn't hate it enough to stress him out.
Because otherwise, that would have...
We'll see the mobius strip there.
I don't, I'm sure it's there, but I don't see it.
Well, trust me, it's there.
Or I'm drunk.
I just, I don't know.
I guess I'm saying, like, I really like my therapist
and I just don't want her to believe in...
Okay, so, you know, I don't know, like, there was that time
when she kind of implied
that she kind of a little bit believed in ghosts.
Because we were talking about our friend that passed away.
And now I felt like I could see him on,
like I could sense him on set, on the community set,
like cracking wise and stuff.
And she, like, she was like, and I was like,
I guess that's the denial part of coping with the grief,
you know, or whatever.
She's like, well, you know, there's that,
but there's also just the fact that she proceeded
to just, like, launch into this thing.
It was just like, oh, or maybe his spirit,
like, floated down from parts and wreck
to watch me shoot community.
Because he came back and was like,
whoa, there's no floor or I'm a ghost.
And, like, landed down at community.
That makes much more sense
than just I was fucked up a little bit
about the concept of death.
All right, so anyways, bug bites, whatever.
I guess I have gross bug bites.
I guess that's what she was,
that's what I really got from it,
is, like, even my therapist who's supposed to,
like, kind of accept me and want me to be happy,
she's like, yeah, but I wish those fucking gross
bites weren't on your arm.
So I'm just going to start wearing turtlenecks
and, like, really tight, like, cuffs,
so, like, I just, like, a mummin' shots performer
and just walk around.
Why not her flaws, bro?
Yeah, exactly, like, you don't see me
just, like, talking, looking at you
and recognizing your face.
All right, just really briefly,
the 3D touch on the phone, I just don't get it.
It's like, now you can touch your phone too hard.
I don't get it, I don't get it.
I don't understand, you keep pressing things
and now it's like, you can't,
if you press too hard, it doesn't do anything
and then you have to, like, press it.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to press you too hard.
It's fucking stupid.
And I, there's a setting for the,
there shouldn't have to be a setting.
Shut up!
So, like, oh, is Apple now in the business
of, like, oh, the settings?
No, that's called something other than Apple.
The whole appeal of this thing is that
it comes out of the box and it works.
Fuck you, don't even tell,
you're complaining for nothing,
all you gotta do is, what, read the instructions?
Or go into the menus?
How about put two buttons instead of one then
if we're gonna get all into the hands-on customization?
This guy, this guy watched two buttons on his phone.
Me too.
Just call it an iPhone Pro.
Two buttons, maybe.
Imagine, twice as much you could do.
Instead, it was like, you didn't touch it too hard.
A chiropractor, I talked, I made up with my chiropractor.
But the jury's still out.
Now I'm worried about my therapist.
I'm alone in the world.
Cut to the chase.
I bought two mannequins.
Yeah.
Two.
Are they different?
And I'm probably gonna get a real doll.
Again.
Because here's the thing, here's the thing about you groaning.
It makes you bad people.
And here's why.
Because think about it.
If you're 42 years old
and you've never had a relationship
that lasted longer than two years,
and you just finished your first and last marriage
that didn't even make it as long as you usually dated,
that, like, are you a good person
if you keep dating at that point?
Like, 42?
No. You ladies that are staying there are just hot for me.
You just want...
Or you...
Oh, that's Justin's assistant.
I was gonna say...
She just wants me to be busy,
so she doesn't have to bring me drinks at Comic-Con.
No, I'm really serious.
I'm like, it's the certs commercial in you
that's like, yes, it's healthy to do what?
You have to subject yourself and other people
to your emotional incompatibility.
Isn't that the story of Frozen?
Isn't the one sister like, I haven't seen it,
but isn't that kind of myth?
Yeah, except for the part where she's not supposed to be frozen.
Because they had to tell a story, so it's like,
oh, she gets unfrozen at the end, right?
Like, she's not as frozen as much.
I haven't seen it.
But it's like...
What if I'm just at the part...
Like, if this were frozen,
the sound that I made out of ice power
when I sing the song, what's the song?
I gotta be me.
Frozen inside, I'm so in love with everything
except for other people.
I gotta be me.
Every snowflake has a different shape
and every human evolved from an ape.
But I gotta be me.
Cause I'm frozen, Stephanie.
Yeah, you guys are right.
You're right to applaud.
You did it.
But if...
So why is it so hard to imagine me
after a divorce going,
I'm gonna order a $6000 sex doll
cause I got a nylon fetish
and when I see people, all I see is their hair
and their clothes
and I don't want to subject anyone over to that again.
So I got a $6000 sex doll.
I just dress like an aerobic instructor
for one episode, a night writer.
I just have it sitting around
approving of me playing Minecraft.
Wouldn't that be...
What's missing from that?
Jonah Hill?
You want my cat to talk
in order to make that adorable?
Cause believe me, it is empowering.
It is important.
I think what I'm doing is heroic
is saying I don't want to...
I'm just gonna tenderly kiss the ankle
of a dead thing
and then jerk off.
It takes five minutes out of a day.
And then I'm off the market.
I'm back out here and I'm helping you.
I'm not hurting you.
Works for me?
I mean that you're doing it.
I would never want to do that.
That sounds like a horrible
Twilight Zone nightmare.
So never at 42 to hang up
your hat from love.
Oh, you don't mean the doll part?
Well, that doll part's horrible too.
But I think the funniest part is
you have to ask for approval from your accountant.
Yeah, that's true.
I have financial people
so I have to like...
They're gonna notice a charge.
No, it's okay guys.
You have to sell them on why
you want to spend the money, right?
He's gonna ask, why should we justify this?
It's not money, but I have to explain to them.
It's not fraud.
Not financial fraud.
It's emotional and spiritual fraud.
Certainly.
There's definitely a heist going on
of the soul.
And definitely a crime being committed
for whichever guys have to haul the crate
up the mountain to my palatial estate
where Beth Bootson, now
with Unobstructed by Eucalyptus Trees,
can watch my sweaty head bob up and down.
Is Beth Bootson your neighbor?
Thanks for the muffins!
Yeah, Beth is the...
This guy doesn't like the podcast.
I mean...
Beth Bootson is like a regular...
A regular reference?
Well, lately.
I mean, whatever.
Let's all thank Ryan Ridley, I guess,
for her controlling.
You guess!
That was just my joke.
My joke is that I mean to people.
That's my joke.
It's not just me?
No, no, it's everybody. I'm always cranky and mean.
That's my bit.
Which makes me a great person.
You're a great guy.
I'm thankful to have you in my life.
Good job, Spencer. Thank you for driving me to work every day.
It's important.
Thank you for...
I love how I drive you to work every day.
But you're more than that, too.
You're a friend.
Thanks, man.
As you've noticed, I have six.
So that's a big deal.
Spencer, look him in the eye when he says this to you.
I look him right in the stomach when he's talking to me.
That's why we made faster friends.
Yeah, I need too much eye contact.
Oh, you need a lot.
Yeah.
God forbid.
Alright, well...
You know...
Our next guest
is a real doll.
Real doll.
Her...
Her lifelessness
is also part of her charm
and is worth a lot more than $6,000.
No, I've...
We got to work with her.
We did our Harmon Quest,
which is a fantasy come true,
the show itself, and also getting a chance
to work with her.
I'm sure you guys are big fans,
and she was great on the show,
and we took the opportunity
to cajole her into appearing on the podcast.
Why don't we bring out
our new friend, Aubrey Plaza!
Hello.
Yeah.
And if you want to drink later,
I can make you when there's tongs.
Thank you.
Alright, so I know your shtick isn't exuberance,
and mine is bad interviewing.
My shtick?
Well, I mean, I don't mean to imply you have a shtick,
but...
And I didn't!
I said your shtick isn't exuberance,
and I'm a bad interviewer.
So, I'm going to push through,
and it's all on me,
if it's a terrible show,
because it's I'm bad at what I do.
Yeah.
What do you feel about sex dolls?
I don't know.
I just said a movie about a sex robot.
That's like a sex doll.
Yeah.
And,
you know, I think they're
fucking weird.
And I think they're creepy,
and um,
they make me sad.
The men that use them
make you sad, too.
No, just like the idea of it.
Not anyone specifically,
just like, I don't know.
Don't you think if a person was like,
okay,
20 strikes,
and every time you go out there,
don't you think it's a little selfish of us
that we thrust ourselves out there
out of loneliness and couple up?
And then, like, if we keep on learning
over and over again that, like,
the same result keeps happening,
like, statistically,
isn't it...
To me, there's something like...
Everyone should just go fuck a doll?
Yeah.
Well, like, what about recycling?
Like, we used to just throw
everything in the garbage,
and we'd be like, oh, then it all goes in the garbage.
And then someone was like, hey,
all that garbage didn't go anywhere.
It's like a big island in the middle of the ocean,
and it's like, there's seagulls
that are affected by it,
or whatever the fuck they said.
And now we have two cans in all of our homes,
and it's become custom.
Like, somebody has an aluminum can,
and they come up to you, and they find you at your party,
and they go, I can't find your recycling bin,
and you're like, okay, high-roaded asshole,
I'll deal with it.
Like, culture changed, you know?
And sexually, aren't we throwing away
our sex
when we have it
with someone else?
I don't know. I don't know.
And aren't we recycling it?
I have no idea, man.
I don't know.
I know.
Sometimes yes,
sometimes no.
Okay, well, that's a brave answer.
Yeah.
From both of you.
Do you
think that you're crazy?
Yes.
Do you think that you're diagnosably crazy
as anything in particular?
I don't know.
I have no idea. Probably something,
but I don't think I've ever been tested.
Really.
Is there like a clinical apathy?
I mean, I don't know.
My grandmother was crazy.
Oh, yeah?
She went to a mental institution.
Do.
Was it a ghost story?
She,
you know,
she just kind of break down.
She was crazy.
She would like knock on the walls
and saying crazy shit,
and they just had to lock her up.
Do you ever think like,
oh, I mean,
I can feel that.
A song coming on?
Well, first of all, did you have a...
And
the
the unignorable idea
that the walls are more hollow than they should be?
No, did you have a relationship
with this grandma?
Not really, because
she was pretty sedated
when I was growing up.
So you heard the legends, family legend
about her break down? Yeah, because
my mom is one out of
nine brothers and sisters,
and
it all kind of went down when my mom was like
eight, so five of them
had to go to an orphanage
that were under 18, and then the four of them
were just like on their own,
and so there were just like crazy stories
about their whole thing.
Wait, I got back up through that,
because there was a certain amount
of your mom's siblings had to go to
an orphanage, because there was no parent
at all there. Because there was...
No, no, no, because my grandfather was
sick. Okay.
What happened to the other ones?
Because I was trying to parse all of them. They were older than 18,
so they were just like on their own.
Wow. Yeah.
And then the five of them
got adopted by my foster grandmother
who then had four of her own, so then
there were nine again.
But the ones
in the orphanage, they were like, ah, fuck them, that would
be like 15, and they were like...
No, all of them in the orphanage went.
Which was your mom?
Bernadette.
Second from the left.
Was she an orphanage sibling?
She was an orphanage sibling, yeah.
Okay, so what could you mind taking...
If I'm prying, don't tell me at any time, but...
I don't know.
Is this going to be online or something?
No, no, no.
So what's...
Take us through your mom's story from there.
I've never known anybody that was in an orphanage.
She was in an orphanage in Delaware,
a Catholic orphanage, and it was
really fucked up. They were like being tortured
and they were like, you know,
it was not a good situation.
And so,
you know,
her third grade teacher,
my foster grandmother, like, basically
was like, I want to adopt you, and she was like,
I'm not going without my brothers and sisters,
because they were all trying to run away and all this stuff.
And so then my
foster grandmother, the third grade teacher,
just adopted all of them.
And then had four of her own.
So that means that reading between the lines here,
that teacher
who you knew as your grandmother,
she was teaching
some kid who
she was very fond of and who was clearly
suffering abuse
at home, i.e. an orphanage.
Like, your foster grandmother
didn't work at the orphanage, she worked at
just like a public school.
And she was like, you're great.
What the fuck is going on?
Yeah, she just kind of fell in love with her.
And then she's like, I got to get you out of here,
and your mom did the old sitcom
cast
contract and said, not without my
sign files.
She was my third grade teacher, too.
The grandma was?
Wow.
Geez, that must have been
when you were like, oh, I didn't do my homework.
She's like, okay, well, it's not like I care about
my job.
So I guess it's okay that you
fucked off this weekend.
Yeah. I mean, laziness pays.
That's why you exist.
Were the older kids
in your guys' lives? Did they come back?
Yeah, yeah, they're around.
Alright, that's cool.
All nine, all nine?
Not all nine, no.
One of them died.
Oh, well.
Yeah, yeah.
I got no quip for that, man.
It's not your job to have quips.
It's not that kind of show.
Alright.
He's a substitute,
as usual.
But to answer your question,
I think about it every day.
The sex now thing.
Yeah.
I knew if I did a little digging.
But are there...
No, you think about it every day that
chemically...
I didn't want to give that short shrift.
You think about it every day that there may be
a little...
You've made it this far, statistically.
Yeah, but, you know,
I don't know what's going on, just in general.
I don't know.
I don't know what's going on.
Somebody tweeted at me today
like, oh, you do this, this, this and that.
You might have borderline personality disorder.
And I'm like, okay, I'll add that
to the list.
No one has ever said that to me.
I was looking it up and I was actually thinking,
oh, Aubrey's the guest tonight.
This is actually kind of interesting because
nowadays, online, you can just
look it up and you can just diagnose yourself.
Let me type it in.
Sorry, what was that?
Talk about what
Parks and Rec was like for a second.
Man, Amy Poehler is
a dream.
Not to make it to him.
What are you doing? You're diagnosing me?
I was going to ask you a couple questions.
Oh, okay.
I did have a stroke when I was 20.
Oh, wow.
Really? Wait, talk about that.
Well, it just
related to brain.
And that's something I think about a lot too.
Just like, is it going to happen again?
Yeah, how did it happen?
It can happen at any moment.
Where were you when it happened?
I was in Queens
and I was going to,
I've told this story before, so
whatever.
Welcome to Harmontown.
I was in Queens and I went
into my friend's apartment.
I was going to have lunch with them.
I was 20 and nothing weird
was happening at all.
And I just, in mid-sentence,
I was talking about a Hillary Duff
concert that I had taken my little sister to
the previous evening.
That'll do it.
You're drawing the wrong conclusion
from this, Ryan.
After I said the words Hillary Duff,
I had a stroke.
I'm not kidding.
God damn it, I did a real, I was like,
what is this thing?
Wait, but what happened?
You blacked out?
What happened was the stroke was in my left
temporal lobe,
which means that it affects
the right side of my body.
So my right arm was like completely
numb.
Not numb, but it was just like it wasn't
connected to my body.
I was confused.
I didn't know what was going on.
And then I had expressive aphasia for
me.
And if you were talking to me,
I would understand what you're saying inside,
but I wouldn't be able to respond.
Or write.
Because the blood clot was in my
language center.
All right, wow.
We've had people on the show
that we have a friend who comes back
who's survived multiple aneurysms,
and he's sort of waiting
for the day because they haven't
figured out any solution to it.
Yeah, I mean, you don't really know
why that stuff happens.
It's so terrifying to me.
But it's also like if you were smart
emotionally, which I'm not, and I'm sure
the people that you have had
gone through this stuff are,
you would just accept the invitation
that, okay, you can't control anything, so
why not just be yourself?
Just fuck it.
Just eat that cookie.
That's what I'm talking about, eating that cookie.
Yeah.
That's what I do, eat that cookie.
That's right.
Give me that cookie.
I'm thinking about getting a cookie,
like a fake cookie from a website that
sits on a plate, and it's just like
it's made out of silicon
and I can just like nibble on it.
But it's like, isn't that
the responsible thing for me to do?
That's a person
who's been on a lot of diets.
Like, you guys
can judge me, but the truth is, you're the bullies.
What do you do
like, when people
tweet you,
like, I'm sure people just tweet you
and go like, your piece of shit, fuck you.
I just want you to like,
like, they,
they,
that's, I'm positive,
I'm positive about this.
No, I'm sure they tweet that at everybody.
I'm saying like, but it's like,
because what I get, I get like tweets
actually based on like, my behavior,
like, for you, you could like,
write it off and go like, well, I'm famous
and I'm an actor and it's like,
why would I ever respond to this? And also this person
is just being mean and just wants to do
the opposite of what they perceive
the camera doing to me, which is making me powerful
and interesting and they just want to like,
drag me down and it's like, pretty easy to write off,
I would think. But I,
for me, it's based on me being an asshole,
like, and doing wrong things.
But what I don't understand is, when people
read at you and go,
they have 140 characters,
so like, 30% of the tweets I get,
they like, take you through the journey
of them not liking you. Like, they
lead with like, I was a, I was a big fan.
I like your shows
and I like this and that
or whatever. But
after that thing you did,
like, now,
I hate you. And I,
I hope you're happy.
And then I just like, I do a tweet
back and go like, what?
You respond to that? Yeah.
And
how? Yeah.
I responded to a girl today.
She did that and I said, I said,
you kind of like it a little bit.
Well, I kind of like, I feel like, I feel
like, I like, I like the people
that like, try to hurt me
because I feel like
there must be something that they
could like, reach,
you know, that's like, not like,
I need to reach because I don't like
feel like I don't like feel like a sociopath
sometimes. So I feel like, like
when somebody's like, hey fat fuck,
you're untalented or whatever, I'm like,
well, that feels like nothing, but I'd like to
talk to you for a second. Like, don't you think like, if
you could like, like, do you? You've piqued my interest.
Yeah. Do you notice like, where the seam
of the armor like is right there? Like, you're
aiming for the bat logo, but like, think about,
think about here.
Like, like, and I'm kind of like, but
I don't really know where it is because if I knew where it is
I would like dig in there and like, reach around.
But like, I'm like, come on, like, like, come on,
just look, look, come on, find it.
Like, like, why are you saying that?
You know, it's like, so it's like
half couch to like defensiveness and then half
and like, has it ever turned into
a deep friendship?
Have you ever gone down that path
so long that you realize
we're just the same?
You and me? I don't, I don't think so.
Aren't we all same?
That would be,
that would be the
world's greatest defense for when people
ask me why I do it, why I bother to
engage. But, but here's a, here's a,
here's a good reason why I did it, because
sometimes it reveals like amazing, like, Jacques Cousteau
life under the Twitter see,
because this, this young lady tweeted me
today, she did that, she took me through her little journey
of liking me and then not liking me.
And I said, thank you.
That was, that's really interesting, like how
you went through that and like,
I'm sure that if you were living my life,
like you would do, you so like,
like much more gracefully and tactfully
or whatever. And I didn't
ask her anything, I didn't, I just responded
and then she wrote back,
she's like, I don't know
to, to
maybe be a good person,
to maybe apologize
and I was like, wait, she's not even,
this doesn't even make any sense and then I realized, holy
shit, she hallucinated me asking her
what I should do.
And I was like, whoa, this is amazing,
like you should look at this, like you hallucinated
someone saying, what should I do, lady?
Like, like that, like, like,
that means that no one ever-
I have no idea what you're talking about.
It stops.
Understanding.
I'm sorry, what was, what was she
hallucinating about?
So, so she said,
you're a piece of shit, whatever.
And then I said, thank you very much.
Like, that's very interesting.
Goodbye.
And then she said, I don't know
to maybe apologize
or something.
And I was like, why did she do it?
I was like, holy shit, you made up
in your brain, you made up
that I asked you anything
because no one
ever asks you anything.
You just said thank you.
And so she was just like, oh, I thought this was
going to be not only a conversation
or an argument, but specifically one in which
someone defensively says,
what do you want me to do?
Because she, like, no one ever says to her
hey, Daphne, what do you want me to do?
Yeah.
Like Quentin Tarantino in Dust Till Dawn
when he's talking to Juliet Lewis.
I mean, it's, it's
if you, if the-
He's like, all right, I will. She's like, what?
You will what?
All right.
I really wanted to find this
borderline personality disorder
BPD
also known as emotionally
unstable personality disorder.
I mean, give me a break.
It's a cluster B
personality disorder.
I mean, is there a disorder called
being a doctor?
That where the symptoms are being full of
shit and trying to act like you're not.
The essential features include a pattern
of impulsivity and
stability of behaviors
interpersonal relationships
and self-image.
Check. Yeah.
Everyone in Los Angeles.
The pattern is present by early adulthood, blah, blah, blah.
Other symptoms usually include intense
fears of abandonment.
Do you have fears of abandonment?
Um...
Yeah.
Raised by orphans. I don't know.
Like I had to be handed down to you a little bit.
Maybe.
Can I get in on this?
You want some of that?
No.
All right, all right.
No fear of abandonment.
Trying to abandon me.
See if I fucking care.
Oh, shit.
All right. Welcome to the Ryan Ridley
show.
That's what I'm talking about.
Spencer?
Let's just do the Grandma's
virginity podcast.
Oh, we got a fan. All right.
I've never heard it.
What happens in that?
Well, you know, me and Justin Roiland of the
Rick and Morty show. All right.
Congratulations.
I guess...
I guess we found out I have a fear of...
I'm a control freak.
Uh...
Yeah, I don't have a fear of abandonment.
I'm trying to search myself. I'm like, I don't know.
Because I do get very lonely.
Kind of.
But I also have...
I kind of wish...
Could someone please abandon me?
I remember...
One of my earliest memories is...
nursery school.
Whatever you call it.
It was daycare.
It was part of a bowling league that my mom was
playing in Milwaukee.
And the women would bowl
in this women's bowling league.
So I'm not being sexist. They were all women.
It's not a stereotype that women bowl.
It was a league.
They checked back then.
There wasn't the transgender
awareness then.
And to put their kids in like this
just room at the bowling alley.
And that's where that girl stuck that
crayon in my mouth.
Ah, yeah.
Yeah. Deep cuts of memory
from the show.
So there was one day when everybody was like...
Because I would just hide.
The girls would stick crayons in your mouth.
That happened more than once?
Well, okay.
I pluralized it to make it more effective.
No, it happened once. The girl stuck a crayon in my mouth.
But what happened
all the time was... What color was it?
Red. Like purple.
Deep, dark, purple.
Like dirty.
Like dark.
Like if you showed me, if you open up
a 64 color crayon...
Magenta.
Is that dark though?
Like a burgundy, deep, dark, purpley red.
Okay.
I'll never forget the taste
and the smell. And I was like,
ah!
But also then there was like six big wheels
and there was like 50 kids.
And then we got like, okay,
you can play with toys and everyone run over the big wheels.
And I was just like, I just can't take it anymore.
I can't take it.
Just like go sit
in a cupboard.
Find a corner.
Or a hole or something. I'll just sit.
And is it something like being asked
questions in gym class
if you want to be left alone?
But you have to hide. Otherwise they'll go like,
what are you doing? What's going on over here?
This is, gym can help.
And it's like, you want to avoid the whole conversation.
So if you could just disappear,
you would just disappear.
So I did that successfully once.
And I remember it was such a pleasurable memory
that all of a sudden
daycare was over
and everybody packed up.
Everybody was like, okay, we got to go.
And all the moms would come at the end of the love boat
or whatever, or the end of meatballs.
And everyone's like paired up with their parents.
And I just kept sitting there.
I was like, I don't think my mom's here.
And I just stayed there.
And then they turned out the lights
and shut the whole thing down.
And then I was alone
in the daycare room.
And it was dark.
And I just walked around and touched the tables
all melancholy.
I always thought I was in a movie.
So I was like, la, la, la.
I was hearing a soundtrack in my head.
Nobody loves me.
But I was into it.
I liked the feeling.
I was abandoned.
I liked it.
And then the doors opened after five minutes of that.
And my mom was like, where were you?
And I was like, fuck this.
So no, I don't think
no fear of abandonment.
I think I like it.
Extreme anger and irritability.
I mean,
everybody gets angry.
But the reason for which others have difficulty understanding.
So I feel like
every time I get angry
it's
for a perfectly good reason.
But based on other people's reactions, I feel like
I get
a little irritable
from time to time.
Alternating between high positive regard
and great disappointment.
Self-harm, suicidal behavior
and substance abuse are common.
I don't self-harm
or suicidally behave.
Disorder is recommended.
All right, yeah.
Borderline personality.
Yay!
We saved them.
But nobody has anything, right?
What do they try?
Those are just packages.
Those are just for dumb doctors.
If somebody comes in and goes like,
well, I ate a fire hydrant yesterday.
And I
want to have sex with a graham cracker.
And I hate my mom,
but I hate her because
she won't kill me.
And the dog's talking to me.
And I stutter.
And my left armpit
smells like an onion and my right smells like
a licorice.
And then the doctor goes, Jesus Christ,
this guy's going to fuck up.
And then he takes the book and it goes like,
well, does one of his armpits
smell like licorice? And he's like, yeah.
And he's like, give him this pill.
And he's like, here, take this pill.
It's all bullshit, all these packets.
The diagnoses are just packets.
Yeah, I didn't
grow up
taking a bunch of pills.
No one gave me a bunch of pills.
Oh, no, I didn't. Yeah, I didn't imagine so.
Well, I was just
offering that.
Do your relationships last
a long time?
Yeah.
Like, what is a long time?
Like five, six years.
That is a long time to me.
I've never made one last longer than two years.
Oh, is that right? Yeah.
How old are you? 42.
I should have a
sex doll.
I would be a hero. Whatever you want.
I would be a hero for having one.
Yeah, get one.
Yeah, thank you.
I can tell my accountant
you said
get one, right?
It's not going to hurt you.
I'll just say Aubrey Plaza told me.
Yeah.
I don't even have a car.
By the time I get a Tesla,
I could have sorted out all my problems.
Why don't you get this Tesla already?
I might not need it.
Tesla is a symbol.
For a fraction of the price,
I might become a healthy enough person
to drive a hatchback
of some kind.
The sex doll might itch a scratch that's
alright.
Well, I told you it would be a bad show.
Do you want to talk
about the thing in the sky everybody
saw last night on The Aliens?
Wait, what?
It was a rocket test.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Noodle LA.
Noodle rocket test.
They shot a missile
from a submarine that doesn't even
make sense.
They're underwater.
That's what we want
our enemies to say.
I can't believe you don't know about this, Dan.
No, I don't know anything.
There was stuff in the sky,
but it was just a rocket test.
I got caught up, see?
A lot of you wasted a lot of time.
I could just get my news here.
How's Bernie Sanders doing?
I listened to a great piece on him
on NPR. It was pretty great.
They interviewed him.
When he's talking quietly, he doesn't even sound
ridiculous at all.
You think he sounds ridiculous otherwise?
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
Who are you voting for?
I'm not voting for people based on the
ridiculousness of their voice.
I'll tell you that right now.
Like, if you want
someone to have a more ridiculous voice?
It's not the axis on which
I'm basing my judgment here.
That's what I'm saying. So whose policies do you like so far?
I like Bernie Sanders.
I like Donald Trump. What can I say?
Either one of those,
I'm sure would be great.
I
will say one
thing that could be,
it's not a statement of admiration at all.
It's just a statement of wonderment
which we often express about
people we admire.
This is just wonderment.
If I were running for president,
the day
that I accidentally
or on purpose said
all Mexicans are rapists.
I would go home and I would be like,
well, all right. So no president then.
So
it is
amazing to me that the guy
that did that is like,
okay, anyways. Anyways,
he said all Mexicans are rapists.
Eight years ago, the guy went, Michigan, Minnesota,
Florida.
Oh, boy, the gaff.
Oh, Dukakis in the tank.
Oh, he looks so silly in the tank.
What about the tank of
genocidal, horrible
xenophobia, like the actual,
that's not a picture.
That's not a perception. He was just like,
yeah, they're rapists.
And then everyone was like,
well, I think they were cheering because they were there for Donald Trump,
the press covers.
But he was like, then some thing in his head was like,
you should probably qualify that.
And he's like, I'm sure some of them
aren't rapists.
Like, there's got to be a couple.
I'm sure there's an exception
in every rule. And then he, and then the next day
he was like, okay, what should I do? Brush
teeth,
put on shoes,
keep running for president.
Which is amazing to me. That really
is amazing because I threw out
my back rearranging my office and the next day
I did not go to work.
And I was like, sorry,
I had a hard time yesterday
and it turned out I'm not as capable
as I thought I was.
So I'm going to lay in bed and play Minecraft.
And if I called all Mexicans rapists,
I would twist that into a way to play Minecraft.
I would
stop running for president.
And I would think
while I was playing Minecraft, I'd be like,
the reason I'm doing this is I don't want to confront
what I said.
I want to wait until it's old
and I can sweep it up.
He's got a lot of
self-confidence.
We can all learn from that.
It's true, I do kind of admire him for that.
Oh.
That doesn't surprise me at all.
He has too much.
He has a problematic amount
of self-confidence.
Some would say if he had less, he'd be a lot better off.
Just a few.
Also, we need new words for confidence.
How can he be better off?
He's a billionaire who's running for president just for fun.
He doesn't.
He's like, I don't really give a shit.
I'm just going to spend my own money, do this for a little bit.
How much more?
He's like the best person
there could be, right?
He just wants to see how far he can take it.
Yeah.
He's been running for a long time.
That's true.
What's he running from?
We've already talked about this, the fact that
it's been looked at based on what
he was born with at the starting line
and based on what he has now.
He's not a successful person.
If you were a dishwasher...
What was he born with?
He was born with lots and lots of money.
He's a rich little baby.
Then he only lost some of it
and then lost a bunch of it.
Then he made a bunch back.
If you were a dishwasher, he wouldn't have been
allowed back in the kitchen at a certain point.
But you can't get fired from being a billionaire.
They're just like, oh, you're back.
And it's like, yeah, I'm back because I'm awesome.
And they're like, me too.
I haven't researched it, but that's basically it.
Do you think voting matters?
Yeah.
You get excited about it?
A little bit, yeah.
I don't know.
Do you keep your voting to yourself?
Yeah.
You like to go in there and do a discreet...
You're a cloak.
No one can see my eyes.
So you don't talk about...
You don't share your process with anybody.
No, I know. Only myself.
How do you pick the circuit court judges
and all that bullshit?
Eenie meenie miney mo.
Uh-huh. I go with names.
Cool names.
Yeah.
They give a little bio next time.
They give a little fortune cookie next time.
Yeah.
I was like, he wants feet to be illegal
and just...
like, wigs to be hats.
And they were like, no.
I'll look that up later.
But it's got my vote.
I think in like 20 years,
I'm going to really start caring about those guys
and being ready November 3rd
with everything.
All the information.
Really, the only government that matters
is the local government.
Because where you put a stop sign
or whether or not your community is functioning
is actually the important thing.
We should go to one of these Los Feliz
neighborhood council meetings.
Yeah. You listen to those Santa Monica ones
on the radio.
Oh, boy.
I'm like, okay, Mr. Frazzles,
what do you have to say?
The buses are talking to me.
You have a right to feel that way.
Moving on.
What is the...
What are we going to do?
Aubrey Plaza.
About climate change.
That's my number one issue.
Let's talk about it.
Um...
I don't know.
We all got a band together.
And, uh...
I don't know.
I don't think...
I don't know what we can do.
Okay. We're fucked.
I heard, you know, the rainforest
is pretty much dead at this point.
Like, if we don't today start
undeforcing,
reforesting,
the forest is just going to be gone.
Like, we can't just stop now
and it'll heal itself.
It's fucked.
And then the whole of global warming
will just go off the deep end
because there's no rainforest
that's been regulating this whole process
for millennia.
Yeah. And the oceans, too.
They're going down.
They're going up.
The oceans are going up.
Like, I've read three things
in 20 years and I know
you're wrong. You're saying the opposite.
The sea level is rising,
but the fish are all sinking to the bottom.
These corpses.
Fish float when they die.
Who said that's wrong?
It's all a metaphor.
What do we really think is going to happen?
It's just going to be like, okay, so
there'll be
because it's kind of, it's just so many
variables because, like, the thing that
panics me is, like,
sea level, because
the scientists talk about, like, okay, the sea level
is going to do this and the ice caps are going to do that.
But as soon as that stuff
has the potential to affect
the dollar, then everything's
just going to collapse. And it won't be
it won't be because the ocean is high
that, like, you're
like wearing armor made out of
bottle caps. Like, you're, you're, it'll
be because, like, everything just
went to shit and the cops started
showing up to work or started hunting people
and, like, like, like
nothing worked anymore and there was no
jobs and everyone was just, like, riding around
a wasteland going, like, yeah!
What do we
have here? I'm an
arch-character. I worship what I fear.
I'm a denizen of the wasteland.
I'm
comfortable here. I don't
show that I'm afraid of it
or I'm not. Maybe that's
been, I mean, it only takes two generations
to leave the gene pool.
Perhaps all the people that were
afraid are dead and only the
people that were
confident in the post-apocalypse
are, they just kept
reproduced and I'm
their progeny.
I'm a man
of impulsiveness
and I love living.
I have borderline personality disorder.
Excuse me. Is that kind of already
happening? Yeah, I mean
it is. Just, like, slowly, though.
It's not, like, one day that'll happen
but it's just, like, happening really slowly
and we're kind of, like, seeing it
and then we just, like, get used to it.
So by the time it happens, we'll decide
what's happening. I have been
seeing a lot of orange mohawks lately.
And, like, one chain
across the chest.
But, like, you know, it's true, I mean,
when you look at the, like, there's always
crazy things that we always talk about. We go,
like, that's so crazy but it's, like, well, it's not
crazy if the end result is, like,
Mad Max because the idea that
we have a quarter of the population
in prison, like, like,
I can't remember, I can never remember that statistic.
It's, like, the, what is it,
what is the quarter thing? It's, like,
it has something to do with how much
of America's population is
in prison versus how much of the,
I can't remember the statistic. A quarter.
Well, it's, is it a quarter of the world's
prisoners are in American
prisons? Yeah. That's what it is.
Yeah, that's a lot. I mean, so, like,
and we're, like, the country that was, like,
hey, everybody, be free
and do what you want. And so it's, like, okay.
And then, and then, like, everybody that's, like,
we're, like, okay, that guy makes me uncomfortable.
We'll just put him on a timeout. And they're, like,
let's put that guy on a timeout. Okay, let's put
that on a timeout. And then, like, a quarter of
the world is going, like, this is a fun timeout.
Like, like, I'm going to learn how to do
more in here. Okay, I'm back out. Okay, I'm
doing more. Okay, you're going back in.
And then it's, like, yeah, that's, that's, that's,
that's huge. That's crazy. Like, those,
those folks are gearing up.
They're, they're the, they're the face
and the little ones are getting on the big ones
backs. Yeah.
Let's go, buddy.
Master Blaster from the
Thunderdome.
I could tell you didn't know the reference.
No, I got it. The third Mad Max
movie.
Do you know how to fly a plane?
No. Do you?
No. Okay.
A helicopter? You wouldn't, you wouldn't
leave out helicopter if you knew how to fly a
helicopter. I wouldn't what? You wouldn't leave
out helicopter if you knew how. No, I don't know
how to fly anything. Right.
Important to start, right?
Like, like those are the people that survive.
Well, that's what I think. Sorry.
I'm a yellow belt in Krav Maga, so.
I don't think they have yellow belts in
Krav Maga. It's the first belt.
Well,
that's not impressive of them.
That means, that means, that means you,
that means you signed the pamphlet about
a big split in the shower.
I'm just, I'm closer
is what I'm saying. I feel like all you need
is like, you know, a helicopter
and a weapon.
I mean, if you had a helicopter.
Like, if you had a helicopter and you started
hoarding gas, like if you were, I mean,
but I wonder what income level you have to be
to have a helipad right now.
You have to be a one percenter, right?
Like, you can't just have a helicopter.
But if you have, that would make me feel
really secure. That would be amazing,
because you could just start hoarding gas.
That would be great.
But you, I mean,
well, like, is the idea, okay.
To fly away is the idea.
And just stay aloft, or
to find a place where society still exists.
Well, obviously,
Well, you land somewhere
where there's more gas, and then you
find that while you shoot zombies
or poor people, whatever.
If there's helicopter gas lying around,
you feel like you're in a great position
automatically.
If there's what? If there's still refining
helicopter gas for you to find just freely
wherever you go.
Those babies can run on a lot more
than you think.
That's just your,
you just doubled down on that.
I can't argue with Aubrey
about how a helicopter
gasoline works.
She knows everything.
I want to see a montage.
You don't
you don't see a world where
the world has effectively, or civilization
has effectively collapsed, but there's a lot
of places around where you could
still find gasoline.
I feel like if I'm, you know, I'm in the
apocalypse, and everyone's in the apocalypse,
and people are wearing bottle caps, and shooting
at each other because they have nice car hood
ornaments or whatever the fuck.
Flying around in a helicopter is going to
be the best way to get shot at.
And they're also very, they're not like
armor. It's also the best way to get missed.
Well, they're not that fast, I mean.
Yeah, but you're way far away and up in
the air. Well, it depends on what
you're doing with the helicopter, but a lot of
helicopters, you know, they're not too high.
They're very lightly armored.
You could just shoot them down with a cap gun.
I wasn't thinking about it like a battle zone.
I was just thinking like, you know, natural
disasters getting that helicopter
flying north.
It would work with an earthquake, certainly.
I was thinking battle zone, but I guess part
of me naively thought that
our same worship of
celebrity or richness would
somehow purvey in that one way, that
if you were down here like shooting each other
with AK-47s, that a helicopter
fly over and you go, I wonder if that's David Hasselhoff.
Maybe
if I shoot enough people with this
assault rifle, I'll be
having lunch with him one day.
Well, you could just shoot the helicopter
and force yourself to have lunch with him.
Well, I mean, you're like a life hack guy. I didn't put that together.
He reads those
life hack tumblers is why he's saying that stuff.
I didn't put it together.
I thought a helicopter could just go
so far up that a bullet couldn't hit it.
It can. It's just not practical.
Maybe a surface to air missile though.
I mean, yeah, bring it.
Like, yes, let's go.
Yeah, okay, yeah.
Bring your surface to air missile out.
Please.
Wait, wait, wait.
If people have those,
they don't want to be on the ground.
And you know, you got to hit a helicopter right
in the jugular.
You can't just
that thing will bounce right off that.
It's like the 90%
splitting blades.
Like, yeah, it's like, like,
most things that you know, it's going to get chopped in 17 pieces.
It probably like half of them probably go back
down and hit the guy that shot it.
One of them will make a little heart
and you'll make a necklace out of it.
Yeah, absolutely.
Same page club
about helicopters.
Yeah.
Well, you guys can have your helicopter
and me and Ridley will hang out with our missiles
and we'll see what happens.
Well, if I have a,
no, I'll take a helicopter over a missile
because here's what I'd do. I'd fly the helicopter
early. I would do it before
anybody would thought that shooting a missile was like a good idea.
And I would take, because I would go,
oh, because that wouldn't be a luxury that you would have
if you had a helicopter.
So, well, it says on the news that
Donald Trump won, for instance.
Why don't we just go for a long weekend
on a helicopter trip?
Like, we do whenever we get
nervous. Like, we'll go
to the underground bunker
like, you know,
and then, hey,
I'd love to be wrong.
And you come back and you're like, ha!
And everybody's like, how was your weekend? And you're like, ah!
I spent it out of town and they're like, did you,
did you abandon all of us because you thought
it was a good idea?
And you didn't call anybody and you thought
it was every man for himself and you got in your helicopter
and you're like, hey,
what's the difference?
You know,
Bill Lawrence has a beach house.
Like, come on,
knucklehead, let's get back to work.
And by the way, you can get machine guns
for your helicopter to shoot at Spencer and I.
I shouldn't be giving you that
tip, but I'm just saying,
you're not defenseless up there.
You're a news chopper.
Yeah, that'd be hilarious.
Like, I got it.
Like, I go,
you would get it used
from KTLA
or something.
You could buy used helicopters?
Oh, no, you're talking about, this is
pre-apocalypse purchasing.
Yes. Okay, I'm sorry.
Well, I'm never going to have that much money, so I don't know why we're talking about this.
You guys are,
yeah, thank you, lady.
I don't know why you reacted that way,
but I don't know why anything
that happened tonight happened tonight.
Do you think that
bug bites are,
Aubrey Plaza, do you think that bug bites are,
can heal or not heal
based on the psychological health of a person?
Yes. Actually, when you were
talking about that back there, I was thinking about
a time when I had a lot of bug bites.
And you thought it was because
you were extra crazy at that time.
Well, that's good, because
I like my therapist and I don't want to
stress.
That's what I was saying. I think I'm under a lot of stress.
Or it's bed bugs.
No, not bed bugs. They don't leave
bite bites. Oh, they do.
Well, they leave like, bed bugs are
distinct though, right? You lived in New York,
you know what bed bugs are.
I've only, I got bed bugs once in Seattle
in a hotel.
These aren't bed bugs. It'd be all over
my body.
Are there little colorful strings
coming out of them?
No.
Are you sure?
I feel sure. What's so funny about that?
Because I didn't know if I said
no if you'd say definitely
bed bugs.
I just, I've never heard that
asked about any bite ever.
Isn't that a real, like, psychological
like people see strings coming out of them?
Yes, it's called Margellans.
What?
Margellan.
Yeah.
It's a psychological
illusion that you see
colorful strings.
People think that they can pull little
neon fibers out of their
little bites.
They've got a head nod in the front row.
They see them, right?
You saw it on TV or something.
All right.
Why are you nodding your head like that then?
Because she saw it on TV.
I know, sorry. She does.
Everybody's doing a terrible job tonight.
But why strings?
You know?
It's cosmic DNA, I would think.
It's just
the cosmic serpent.
It's about a guy goes
and does ayahuasca in the Amazon
and he realizes that plants
have always been talking to people
and that's why the Amazonians
have aspirin
and why
they know how to make
curare without dying
because, like, you could
never just trial and error curare
because it would, like, kill you,
statistically.
So they think that this guy,
because he's tripping on Amazon
acid, like, realizes that
it's because plants can talk to people
on a cellular level
through, like,
photonic rays.
I had a theory
like that. One time
I did a lot of nitrous oxide
and I went under
and when I came back up
I had the recognition that
people had a code, you know, like
a programming code
and it was base four
and the four things it could be
were the four colors, green, red, blue and yellow
and everything exists
as combinations of these green, red, blue and yellow
and so, like, you know, happiness
is like a color and sadness
is a color and anything that anyone can do
can be represented in these four colors
and
I had to write it down and I couldn't figure it out
and it took me, like, about
a week of nitrous to figure out
what I was talking about
and that's
and that's all I got, it's just that
it's
pretty disappointing
but a fruitful
research project? I think there's something to it though
I think there might be
I never knew that you did that
I mean, very occasionally
it's like a spiritual thing, you know
it's like I'll go on sabbatical and do some nitrous
were you just doing
whippets?
like you bought the canisters from the store?
oh yeah, that's good stuff
you can make
a ton of whipped cream
you know, you can also make
cupcakes using whipped cream chargers
you just put
the nitrous into the cupcakes
and then you can just put them in the microwave
this sounds like I'm on nitrous right now
but also you really
you're telling us
how to use it properly
to make cupcakes
oh yeah, if you make any
cake-like thing, brownies
but you infuse it with nitrous oxide
it'll cook right up in a microwave
real fast
soft texture
moist
you name it
I got all sorts of things
for all sorts of kinds of people
Replaza, do you have any opinions
about substances?
are you a straight edge person?
do you enjoy
drugs and alcohol?
I have a weed license
oh yeah
thank you
you're supported
mine keeps expiring
I feel like they
they figured out the solution
they're arguing
about whether to legalize weed
and then somebody in the room that pushed it through
guys, guys, we'll just make it
you have to renew it every year
these people don't even get their
driver's license renewed
it's gonna be hard for them
it won't be an out of control situation
I know
is there ever a moment, because in my mind
I'm always waiting for a moment
where I can just whip it out
and I feel like there's never really
you mean when you actually go to buy it?
well just when you get a license
I'm like in my head
I'm like thinking
imagining myself on the street
like they'd stop you and go
oh right now
it's like you're smoking a bit of a reefer
me going
not so fast
it checks out
but you really ought to do this
in the privacy of your home
well legally I don't have to
well let's not nitpick
I'm just a cop
well I think you better
cop somewhere else
swingin' me night stick
and wander off
fine
walk away whistling
I can still hear you
on the other side of the street
you're the loudest worst whistler ever
it's like 40% air
whistling
it's not even a song
well this is the police station
if you keep following me
then you're being the weird one
I'm going inside to talk to my friends
hey you want to come to my house?
what the fuck
get out of here
get the fuck in my house
Jesus Christ
I'm obligated by
an unknown state statute
to go in the house
and give you my gun here you go
now I'm going to make you a pie
you better use enough nitrous oxide
to make it go fast
or I'll take you
by the scruff of your neck down to the...
but I do always think about that scenario
and I don't think it'll ever happen
I think the card is like
when you buy it
I don't even have the card I just have the paper
that's certificate?
I was so excited the first time
I did it in an afternoon but it took all afternoon
and I had to go through this dumb
it's like California
is now the most backward state
because there's like four other states that are just like
yeah it's just weed it's legal
and now we're the ones that did it first
but you now still have to talk to a guy
in a Cuban shirt with a stethoscope
around his neck in a ponytail
and they're like what is this stethoscope for
it's for
surveillance is what it's for
it's for people taking pictures of you when you leave work
yeah and you have to like
I don't know I felt like
they were trying to trick me into like
admitting I just wanted pot
like them of all people
they're the ones selling it but I felt like
yeah it's humiliating
it's humiliating the whole process
and I don't want to have to lie
those disgusting lobbies where you have to sit
and watch those
and you fill out the forms and then like
your friend is like just do nausea
nausea all the way down
oh I'm not going to lie but it's like
I guess I'm fucked up enough that it was like fun
yeah you want to be like we know what we're doing right
just give it to me
why are you being like that?
like why are you acting so weird
this is to try to eliminate this
the fucking phoniness man
not to enhance it
yeah
we'll get there
we're good right?
nothing's happening in Oregon and Colorado
and wherever else it's legal
those states haven't collapsed
Colorado has more money than it knows what to do with
man
kind of yelp from Dave Kline
would you like to meet Dave Kline, Aubrey Plaza
he'd be a good offset to your energy
Dave Kline come up here
oh she's sliding down like the Carson couch
that's good, that's nice
no it's good, that's nice
help for Jack
just mixing it up
Aubrey, let me say this
you just send it into a strange basement
yeah
we're all familiar with it
you're not
nope it's my first time here
well welcome listen this guy's a little bit of a creep sometimes
we got a bunch of creeps out here
but here's the thing about creeps
here's the thing about creeps
you saved me
where have you been oh my god
it's gradients of creeps
here's the thing
creeps have gone deep
all right
to some interesting places
and my thing is I'm a positive creep
all right
guys are creep
because he's gone down
I mean he made community come on
it was like super creepy
well wait maybe let me
unpack genius
genius requires creepiness
because to get down to the darkest
bowels of like
most people most people don't
make it back
and are able to like make something creative
Dan was able to make something and Aubrey
you were able to come
down to this decrepit crypt
where we all have like
made our own space
yeah thanks for having me
hey man
we're having a great time
well that's what I was hoping
let me say this hey Dan
you have this you have this crazy
way Dave kind of verifying
how bad I think the show is going
with your
your pep talks because you're like I remember
this about you that you come up and go
I go like no I think it's going great
you know like not it can't
normally goes
wait no just to address
that point it's just to address that point
so like in role playing
games right
you don't just start
in like the dragon's lair of creeps
you could
and that's why he's the game master
all I can say all I can say is just
Aubrey like thanks for putting up with a bunch of creeps
in a bunch of
in a bunch of basements
fine
hey Dave Kline
Ryan Ridley
substitute moderator
Comptroller
am I a creep
who said that
that was Justin's
you know me
no no
absolutely creep because here's the thing about creep
there was not a tongue in any cheek
in that response
very sincere
genius
is creep
and so here's the thing about like most creeps
starting to sound like a backhanded compliment
genius is creep
well look at Dave
we're going to use my voice
there's actually like I saved a lot of people
like a lot of like Ivy League like
masters courses like
this is her creeps and you can kind of
track like the creeps with the genius like pretty
effectively
try to paper about that
yeah
genius
alright
alright Dave
Dave Kline I'm going to rap battle you
you're going to rap beat
I'm going to wrap your ass off the stage
oh shit
no rap beat
it's a bad show
Ryan has some rap beats
shout out to Soren Kierkegaard creep
shout out to Nietzsche creep
shout out to Sartre creep
shout out to Heidegger
professional creep
shout out to
Werner Herzog definite creep
shout out to Nicholas Cage creep
shout out
shout out to
my actual idol
James Terrell
who's that
he's a visual artist who actually
is a place at LACMA called the Gansfeld Effect
I've done some time in some
uh
sensory deprivation
and I've done a lot of like
studies and work in that
I believe in it and this guy's a mastermind
with it he creates the thing where he says
my mother
fucking medium is not
color it's not paint
fucking perception
so he challenges you to like
essentially go beyond the rim of like
what you can do
perceptually so if you stand at the edge
of this guy's thing at LACMA
you literally lose your
perceptual self
and I've uh
cause you're looking at a
an exhibit or you're not
imagine literally
looking into the void
okay got it
we've been there
no reason
one second got it okay
okay no time no space
no uh but the reason this guy's a
mastermind is he takes us to the void
and then like literally we're like
plunged into a pink like abyss
can't find our way out and then like
finally like realize that like our perception
is like something beyond our body
it's a revelatory
gift that we're given and
we walk out of uh
the experience a little bit different
Dave may I
shout out to Gary Glitter creep
shout out to Jeffrey Jones
character actor from
Beetlejuice creep
now wait a minute you're naming actual
artistic heroes
Dan Flavin shout out to Dan Flavin creep
shout out
creeps
creeps be creepin
yo
it's like a spider
on the wall like a fly in the web
fuck your mama
like a spider on the wall
eight legs two fangs eight eyes
I fucked your mama
it wasn't a surprise cause
that would technically be
called rape
I fucked your mama
grape
fruit
grape to the fruit
put your mama on my titty
put your daddy on the flute
he was a flutist for the
Philharmonic fucked your mama so hard
she needed pussy tonic too
place your eyes after my dick was done
I fucked your dad just for measure cause
he was a bun
I'm a hot dog
you know what in and out
in his button his mouth
I fucked your dad
twice as long as I fucked your mom
equal opportunity
dong
fucked your parents
I fucked your parents
I fucked both of your parents it's a parent
I fucked your parents and I'm staring at you
go
now you went to fight talk about mama class
you went up on to the self
and she dropped it on the line
the lines on the stomach
that's where I came from
all the caesarean
caesarean she's got a couple
love her fucking students
listen in
and they gonna say yo mama coach
how you get into this game
she said the same play everybody
going to go
you gotta get rid of your brain
follow your spirit
follow your heart
then you will do the same
mama kline said yo
spiners
follow your spirit
insects
spiders
mama kline said ride your
gonna find your spirit
destiny
not something that you're gonna fuck
with the rest of me
mama kline went down
to Hades
and they said yo welcome
she said no
she said I got unfinished business
she said my son David Kline
yo
she said he's handsome
she said he's smart
she said he's stinky
she said he farts
out his mouth
cause his rhymes are so damn
damn damn damn
stinky
spider
surprise
realize
spider web
yeah
I'm your mommy
happy halloween
oh halloween
I'm your mommy
I didn't know where that sample was
coming from
alright
alright well
I didn't give her that sample
that was a fucking flow
I just want to make that clear
you got to flow
let's thank Dave Kline
thank you Dave
sometimes we wrap in the show
and also audience people can come up to
oh do you
you know who is here
do you want that
do you want to just be on the show
talk
tell us you're racist
why are you racist tell us
I'm not racist
give me the mic
you know what
you should love them
shameful
you should be ashamed of yourself
and the fact that you won't even admit it
that's the fucked up thing
to drag it out of you
like be honest
about how racist you are
guy in the front row
hold on a second
just give me a second
okay so
we did that
I thought I had something on my mind
I think we should
let's
you got a heart out
you got to take off
I don't know
the next thing we do is we play that game
you played with us on
how you played on Harmon Quest
I don't know about that
you had enough of that when you did that show
I got an early morning
anything you want us to look out for
when you're
as you leave us
if we wanted to consume more Aubrey Plaza
any book
or comic book
or anime
or special orthopedic shoe
or short film
no I got nothing
well you said you had work in the morning
so
I'm going to be in a movie
that comes on January
called Dirty Grandpa
oh
where I have sex with Robert De Niro
oh shit
is that what he does in the intern or does he just hang out
I didn't see that
okay I mean either
I saw the commercials and it just looks like he just goes to work
but
your movie makes more sense
there's a threshold
in the trailer it would be like oh it's an old guy
and he's like oh it's me and then in the 30 seconds
he's like yeah but then
then the
well he's an intern
so he just gets food
yeah and he's old
right but he doesn't just play a grandpa and dirty grandpa
okay but it's not called dirty intern
okay you know what
Dan you don't want to ask what it's like to film a love making scene
with Robert De Niro
I don't think you get that opportunity very often
and I'm assuming
alright well it's been asked
I mean if you want to answer it Aubrey before you go
I think she's going to say I don't know
no I know
oh okay
I know
alright
um
you know it was very
interesting
I uh
at one point
I put his entire nose
in my mouth
on it really hard and then I threw him down on the bed
and it just started gushing blood all over me
wait what
that's not in the movie though
is it going to be in the blooper reel
and credits
I don't know
his nose ended up in your mouth on accident
you were like sucking on it because you're like
you're such a dirty grandpa and you're like into the
scene I was just trying to be creative
and then
some unexpected movement happened and his nose
like broke in your mouth or something
I don't think it broke
I set some kind of
geyser off
you squeezed loose some kind of
did you freak out because you
made Robert De Niro a best blood
I would too
it was weird it was awkward
and then he
he just yelled for an ice cube
can I get an ice cube
can I get an ice cube please thank you
did he say it like that where he repeated it
a lot did you apologize
profusely no
not really no really
why I mean
it wasn't
I don't know maybe it was my fault
maybe I should have apologized
I don't know I was just
you know
in character
but he wasn't
he was like I don't know
he wanted an ice cube
and then he was probably grateful
just for the experience
he's a sweet
older man and he's happy to be out there
working with the kids
and that's
the story he has now as long as he didn't endure
any permanent harm
he's probably happy it happened
yeah I don't know
it probably didn't even hurt
I get nosebleeds all the time
I don't feel any pain
you should let yourself off the hook
yeah I was just trying to
come up with some interesting
anecdote about it
did you make it all up
was the whole thing made up
no it's true
it happened
you're saying I should have picked a peek
of their reaction and said
no no
but how do you
no I just
you know it was a weird thing that happened
so I just thought I'd tell you about it
it's the kind of thing you
talk about on a talk show right
yeah you know like right now
but Kimmel would know
what to do with it
to be honest
yeah
yeah and I don't you know
that's not gonna hurt me you saying that
I don't consider myself a competition
with him
I think that what I do is more
art than science
I think he's more of a scientist
did he like
did you have any interactions with
DeNiro I mean even before you bite his nose
and have it spout blood into your mouth
it's already weird just to meet him on a set
yeah it was weird
what's your first interaction with him
like does he like come out
in a bathrobe and go
yeah he goes you want to do this
you better do this
you want to act with me
and then he said yes
I don't know
we didn't talk like I didn't
you know we didn't like braid each other's hair
right
did you see his nose as a cartoon
roast chicken when you first met him
yeah
but in the movie
is that the only scene
literally like he met you
and then you guys were doing this scene
no the whole movie
is like I'm a supporting character in the movie
and throughout the movie
it's just like
his character is like I'm gonna fuck you
and I'm like I'm gonna fuck you too
and then
we don't until the very end
so it's like a build up kind of thing
a little spoiler
I mean we already know he's a dirty grandpa
from the title
a dirty dirty grandpa
it's not like he says I'm gonna do something to you
and you're like I can't wait to find out what
are you supposed to not
think it's really gonna happen
I don't know
I'm not sure I don't have
perspective on that
well nobody listens to this anyway
speaking of which you said in the green room
you're gonna be on criminal minds
that's what I'm shooting right now
well I don't know
well it's not like I care but I don't want to
it's not like you're gonna ruin their show
I don't know how television
works in terms of ruining
anything
I spent six years trying to figure it out
and then they were like TV's dead and I was like
I just got started
you're playing a serial killer on criminal minds
which was the show that Patrick Brewster was on
apparently
and it's been on CBS for a million years
11 years
and you're gonna serial kill people
tomorrow is my last day that's right
oh that's why you gotta get up
yeah that's why
you also like
I was like now you gotta go
oh yeah that's the
that's the alarm that's her heart out
you
you do
an amazing Sarah Silverman impression
that I won't make you do because
you don't like to be pimped to do impressions
right
no but that it's so weird that that is still
like because
the time at which I did that
it was I was like preparing for my
SNL
like audition
like years ago
and at that time when I was doing like
you know when I would make like a dumb video
or
whatever comedy I would like
put it on YouTube just to like
have it on there
in my mind it wasn't like I'm putting it on here
so that it goes viral
like it was like not well it's a
magnificent impression okay yeah
it's notable it's also on your tumblr
you could take it off right but my tumblr
is like how do I take it
I don't know I was
like so long ago yeah I don't know
but that's where I saw it it was like
it's linked I know these
videos they're just there they're just out
there yeah but yeah that was like
an impression I did that's right yeah
that was long too it's really good
and I would urge people to just go
look for it because it's a really good
Serena Silverman impression and I'm sure it's from
yeah I mean yeah I don't know like I never
I didn't know her obviously
at the time and I never thought in my
head that eventually I would like
you know know her so
yeah it's
a total like she's the coolest
all right
let's thank Aubrey Plaza for coming by
thanks for having me
bye
she's being taken to the
Harmontown helicopter on the roof
where she will be out of
rifle range
all right so
now is the most exciting part of the show
we get to spend the next seven minutes
figuring out who's gonna play Shadow Run with us
now
we don't have to base it on gender balance
because as you've noticed with this show
I've had a lot of female guests
solved that problem remember when
that was an issue
so now we can just base it on
what hey oh hello what's up
what were you well I was going to
maybe see you on a story but oh you're
gonna shoe her in a story go ahead yeah
I'm debating whether I want to tell a story
but I feel like it's I want you to tell a
story you have to now
so we
we just started back to work
on Rick and Morty season three
hold your applause
and we hired
for the first time after two seasons
all male writing staff
we hired four female writers
right
and there's a little bit
of an adjustment period
and the other day do you remember this
for you in the room the other day we were talking
and one of the female writers said
very innocently and very
naively
as if she was talking about a furry
or someone who has sex with
can openers like she goes
oh what if he's like one of those weird guys
who likes to come on women's
faces and tits
and there's a long beat and all this
ingestion goes yeah those guys are
weird
and then his face
turns seven shades redder
than that solo cop
and that's when you realize
there's some communication that's gonna
have to be bridged
there's some differences in perspective
and
that was a funny moment
I was
the first day of work
there's something interesting about
a
gender balanced writer's room
specifically because it's like
you don't spend your
once you fall in love with a woman
as a guy
there's never a point where you
you don't do a big Q&A about tampons
you don't go like how does the applicator
work and all this stuff
it's kind of something you can get to 42
as I discovered without really knowing
it was a field day
I was like alright explain
we were talking
about a story about
the possibility of summer doing a vodka
soaked
the possibility
she's a 17 year old girl
the show and
we're very hands on
about because it's easier to do
for guy writers with a 14 year old guy
character it's just like
we've shown Morty is very much
an authentic 14 year old boy
like sexually speaking but
summer is kind of like
we've
and I think we were smart to do this and judicious
we haven't touched her
intimate
side at all
if it's all male
writer's room you just shouldn't
I was never going to go there with a 17 year old girl
character it'll be like oh then of course
then she starts humping a pillow
when you start breaking a sweat
when you're talking about a story
it's probably not going to get a lot of comedy
but now we have like half and half
full representation of everything so it's nice
because we're sort of talking about
it's not like we're going to do an episode about vodka
tampons but
the conversation came up and then it was like
that led to holy shit I have
95 questions about tampons
and I got them all answered within 5 minutes
one of them came out
and I was like
I poked my finger and the thing came out
I was like now why is the little head shape
like a little penis head
oh that's just an accident that's not
good
imagine all the questions you can ask your sex doll
yeah
I mean we also
talk about other stuff too
so
it's not why we hired four women
they got good ideas
and it's not all they wanted to talk about
it was a two way
it was a collaboration
but I liked it I never thought
I'd see the day on Rick and Morty
community we started out of the gate
we had balance
gender wise
so it was always just that kind of show
always just felt because it was a sitcom
and it was relatively mainstream
Rick and Morty obviously is like
it's more of a cult hit
there's a boyish
energy to it I'm not saying that anyone
that's not boyish isn't allowed
to watch it I'm just saying like there's definitely
a boyish
energy to the to the to the show
and has always been an all male writer's room
and I never thought that's very interesting
to have some ladies in there
talk about
all right
when you brought it up you wanted to tie it
you thought it was so fucking fascinating
I didn't know you were going to turn it to Charlie Rose
Jesus
I never thought that it would be so interesting
to see such gender diversity
it's a bad show
big deal
what's your favorite show in the world
I bet they had like eight bad episodes
in the last 12 weeks
the Jets
the Jets that's sports humor Dave
I don't get that
unless you're talking about there's a show
called the Jets
it's like the new wings or something
I'm just saying like give me a god damn break
I'm going through a divorce
I'm fucking mannequins
I can't come here and have a shitty show
fuck you people
what are you going to do
fire me
arrest me
the word fire me
caught in my throat
this happens so often
I was like wait don't say that again
they could figure out how to fire you
what are those people doing on Twitter
what do they mean
you're a bad person
you tweeted wrong
what are you going to do now
I don't understand what you're going to do
why would you
how small is your brain
that you would be like
hey I wanted to let you know
that you morally disappointed me
that you are
a pettier person
and I'm letting you know
through Twitter because I'm
an arbiter of
Twitter cat
you don't get it
I mean I don't know
I get why someone would just anonymously
log on and go to Tom Hanks like
fuck you fuckface
you get a small dick baby
make that like a box of
chocolates bitch
I get that
that's vandalism
that's like oh if I could just get through
these people like really honestly
if you hooked them up to a lie detector
and said are you just doing that
they would say no I'm not just doing that
and the lie detector would not go off
they would be telling the truth
they would be like no I'm like
I'm a good person
and I'm good at life
and I like this person
I read about him on a hashtag
or a dot dot dot dot
slash
and I clicked over here
two cents
and there it is there's my two cents
I just don't get it
I've never done that in my life
it's like youtube comments
sure you're not the guy who's writing the youtube comments
but you can't say you don't understand the impulse
for anyone who's a fucking idiot
to put those words up there
just because that's what they feel like doing
in a certain amount of the cases though
I can absolutely say I don't understand
I do not understand
they got thoughts they gotta shit them out
and have other people that don't understand them
but if you're that dumb
then you could be honest
you don't have to try
no they're not honest at all
they're so self diluted
it's like that's the thing is like if I was that dumb
I would just like run around the street
and go like pants shoes
did lunchbox sky blue
I'm an idiot
I don't care about anything but myself
cookies and asphalt
boop boop boop boop
I'm excited
people do that too though
I don't know it's
I was thinking the other day that there's this thing
you know it's like when you exercise
you get all those endorphins going
your body's like I'm doing a good thing
and like you go on rides on an amusement park
and it's like adrenaline is good
I'm having fun
and like you're getting a fight
and like your blood is rushing
and you know you're on this high
you're like really intense
like I'm going out to beat the shit out of someone
except there's no harm in it
and there's no danger in it
so it's like why would you
if you could pick any fight
and never get hurt why wouldn't you pick fights
you know and I feel like maybe some people are falling into that trap
it just seems like they put so much into it
other than just going like because that's the
equivalent of going like boo
like you could just go boo
but they like they type boo
and it takes them like 20 minutes
they think yeah that's how they talk
it's like they wouldn't just say boo
they'd be like actually
you know what you're saying is
it's wrong if you're in Spain
so keep a note of that
next time you're in Spain
that's just like that's what their thought process is
it's not your thought process
but it's theirs
it's bad probably but
and then a healthy person
aside from going nowhere near twitter
which is like
okay conversation over
because what the fuck do I have a laugh
because I already go nowhere near reddit
I already go nowhere near tumblr
or go nowhere near anything
so aside from just this thing of like
just don't get online
go fly a kite go climb a rock
okay great then the good guys win
like when I'm like throwing a football
in the yard
and dying of old age with my dogs
I'm not online because
like that's great
that's healthy
and then it's like
so then second to that is like
well don't feed the trolls
so that means okay I know what that looks like
that looks like me going every three hours
hey
CISO is coming up
look at this project
hey here's an interview with me
and then I just hire a publicist
to just do that for me
and then they just go like
so then I'm just another account that just goes like
hey where are my tuples at
I'm about to eat a
chocolate bar hashtag me
if you love chocolate
and then everybody's just like meanwhile
they're just going like fuck you fat
fucking fucking shit face
but I'm not on twitter so then the publicist
is just ignoring they don't care
everybody doesn't care that's a great society
that's great
I shouldn't be angry I shouldn't get mad
about the idea that I was like born on the internet
and watching it turn into this sewer
I shouldn't like
have like a fit of rage about this
that's not healthy
you should always be unaffected by everything
you should just lie to people
you should never tell anyone your feelings
you should never express your feelings
you shouldn't feel your feelings you should hate the internet
you should all use the internet
but you should all hate it we should all therefore
simultaneously hate
everything that we constantly do
let's all live a fucking lie
let's all twist ourselves into a balloon animal
where we constantly think
one thing and say another
and we'll enforce it amongst ourselves
by judging everyone who accidentally
says like this is fucking
retarded this is insane
you're being rude you're a rude
person I don't like you
I'm having a bad day I fucking
hate you you're stupid you're a
stupid person you shouldn't
value television this much and you shouldn't
think that I'm an elected official
to the point where you could like tweet me
and let me know that I'm a bad
person and then like I think that something's
going to happen like like like nothing's
going to happen ever nothing's ever going to
happen it's never that's sad
that's a sad thing get angry
get mad about that
like like nothing will ever happen
you're just typing fuck you
Tom Hanks because you saw a TV guide
that offended you did you that's what they
want stop it get mad
kill yourself
kill kill kill kill kill
yourself just kill yourself
not if anyone is listening
is suicidal depressed I'm not talking to you
don't talk to somebody
but I'm talking with the people that are never
going to kill themselves
it's telling them kill yourself
start by start you know what
before you even get there
dip a tippy toe in it just tweet like
fucking like at yourself
all this shit like scrutinize yourself
say like I'm a shitty person
like like like go you just go that's
what doesn't have fucking what twitter's for
like fucking like type instead of like
look scanning and going like oh that's
racist I'm gonna
you're racist
just like how about like an
easier source of like outrage and go like
I'm racist I'm
racist
look what you just did you contributed
I
once tweeted something pretty biting at
Ted Cruz
nice I hate that guy
me too
it's a bad person yeah it looks
like he does stuff to kids
have any
of you seen him are you fucking
kidding me I mean I'm not
saying he does but that's what he looks
like well and I look like
I do stuff to kids
a lot a lot
I look like I love it
I do look at me
if I step onto a playground
shoot me
based on what I look like I mean
that that happens
I just want to swing I just want to swing
so we're gonna play shadow
yeah and we need three helpers
who's it you're waving Levy
hey Levy come on
come on up Levy
hey you wave man
hey Levy
hey Levy how's your mouth
it's okay I can't really
move it much
I had oral
surgery he doesn't sound funny
like he used to no I sounded pretty funny
at first but I still don't have
full muscle control how's the
vikenin oh it's great
Steve sound vikenin
I don't do drugs
but today I was
in pain and I didn't eat anything
I wasn't thinking because I don't do drugs
I don't know these things
fucking took a vikenin
he's been for like two weeks
he's been like everything he says
I laugh because he's like he's
he's been on the show before but you don't know like
every year every day he's always like okay so here's the thing
we gotta do this we gotta do that
and I go like oh do we have time for that
I think we absolutely do and I go I think
I'm a terrible piece of shit and I should kill myself
I don't think you should do that Dan I think the world's counting on you
that's
that's Steve's role
in my life this year
but then he has receding
gums and he had gum surgery where they
like did the kinds of
Mengele things to his mouth and
and he's like healing and he's like
he talks like
I think I should kill myself
and he's like don't don't do that
the world
the world's counting on you
that's like it's like getting a pep talk
from Aubrey Plaza
like
like I felt a bullet going faster out of the bullet
I thought you said I had a cute voice
well I'd say it's adorable that you're
you're so
like I didn't realize how much
how based on your voice it was
oh
but then I make jokes about it and then you start
and he does that
I love you
then he starts laughing
and then he can't laugh because it hurts too
I always like that too is it bad of me to
like that that's like you guys ever have a friend
who like because of some
surgery or something like they can't laugh
and they're like you never like
this is really selfish of us like
like we don't like we don't like actively
become unfunny when that happens right
like like it's fun it's like amazing
when somebody is like
like they can't laugh and they're like
they're like oh don't make me laugh
and you're like god damn it I'm
killing like I'm literally killing
like is it just me
or is it like there's no instinct in your head that goes like
okay all right I'll chill
this week was really hard Spencer
sitting next to Spencer makes me laugh all day
and then you came out with like grand slams
all week and tell me about some of them
I don't know
oh fuck but
it was really hard I had
tried so hard not to
I think I broke a couple stitches
definitely tasted blood a couple times
I just when you got it
you got it
I'm sorry I'm sorry you're in pain
no no that's what it's like working for
one of the funniest people
yeah well I mean
yeah no I needed that after this
I mean the world there are histories first guest
just left like in the middle
usually like I gotta go
she said she had to leave during whatever
no no no I'm
self deprecating I'm just saying it was a joke
you're so good Dan
she's gonna email later and be like I had a great time
no I know she had a good time I was doing
I was doing a bit come on you guys
you making me feel bad for fishing for something
don't kill yourself Dan
I was doing a bit it didn't the bit didn't
land the audience felt the same
obviously is what we learned in that moment
it was a bit
alright so we got leavey let's get
let's get two more people
let's base it on what should we base it on
oh let's base it on distance
who made it did anyone make a pilgrimage your hand
New York alright we got a guy from New York
what's that oh shit Canada
Canada
Billy
alright let's take New York
and Canada and get this over with
sometimes there's a guy in the back
that's like Liverpool
we're gonna be in New York
sweet I got my ticket for
Friday oh sweet
alright so
when you're not writing 40 years
of classic horror novels
actually actually
that's my role
wait I don't
oh okay
well obviously that's a compensation
for the fact that without any props you look
identical to a lesser author
lesser author
I'm done here promoting my graphic
I hope Stephen King wouldn't be mad at me
for saying he was alright fine sorry Stephen King
these guys are bummed out over here
these guys are bummed out
that's what I do I burn bridges
now I'll never work with Stephen King
it has pictures
so
is this just like the regular book
but with pictures
I'm sorry are you the artist or writer
I adapted the graphic novel for Fear and Loathing
oh okay well let's yeah let's plug that time
are you Troy Little
yeah okay it's Troy Little
look Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
and we're in a comic book store so I'm assuming
it's out there somewhere maybe
just out there if you walk out there you may find it
okay I don't think they let him leave that way
but you'll come back next week and
wow that's interesting
what a tough job
that must have been hard
you drew it and wrote it
well Hunter Thompson wrote it
yeah you're right
I'm on his coattails
you did the adaptation job
on the writer side like that's pretty
amazing this looks like impressive
what do I know but this looks great
did you like the movie
movie is good yeah
books excellent movie is good
yeah we're actually doing a little mini tour here
we've got the red convertible
out front and we're driving to Vegas on Wednesday
kind of doing a recreation of the whole
Gonzo tour cool
a recreation I really want to play shadow run
let's do this
you know you were waving your hand in the
in the booth yeah
but you got that pained look on your face
like I can't talk to a guy who adapted
oh no you can
just
you're selfish Steve you're selfish
okay what have you ever done
for me
everything for the last
year yeah
but lately
who's this fella
down here
what's your name
my name's Aaron Aaron yeah all right
well kind of a bummer but
I get that
but that's not what am I supposed to do
I wrote in a bubble
which you're the one from
New York
I won't ask what it's like there
I know there's a lot of buildings and they're tall
they smell great
okay great well thanks for joining us guys
let's hand out these character sheets and let's
really knock this one out of the park
let's really knock this one out of the park
you know it's been
it's been a bad show
you guys
just figure out what you're doing there
pile of pile of folks
just take one it doesn't really matter
nothing matters
nothing matters but I'll tell you what
man that Harmon quest thing is turning out sweet
oh man you guys gotta see it
Aubrey Plaza was on it she was great
you gotta see it it'll be great
it was great
it is great
great great
alright
and Spencer's really risen to the
role of executive producer
what kind of you say
yeah
I'm gonna go without music just in case
Dustin is looking for music
he should stop
alright
last time oh wait no this one's from Peter
Smith
thanks Peter Smith last time on Harmon
town
after finding the stash of mp3's
the team found themselves on the run
from the law for the murder
of an innocent security guard
the director friend had a plan
to shake their tail
turn left
there was the talk of a trip to Tacoma
but instead the car screeched its way
back to Hank's last stand
back at the bar Eve haggled with Hank
over the price of digital music
he said six
but due to the possibility of seafood
she heard eight
wanting to get asses in all seats
Hank agreed and the team was rewarded
with the job done where will the runners
will the budding love between friend
and nightblade blossom
will they find the man who tried to pay them
with a ghoul magnet
find out now
on Harmon thing
I gotta say I listened to
last week's episode on the way here
and that kind of
that seems like kind of an old
nightblade went to the bathroom
hordegaard
lathered now we're caught up
and then he said
we found a map on the back
of the soap dispenser
well yeah he's not allowed to do that stuff
that's what I said
and then Jeff said cliffhanger
are you saying as the game master
that there's no map
well I don't know let's ask hordegaard
he's the one looking at the soap
which one of you is hordegaard
hello
what are you looking at that soap dispenser so intently
I have a sense about it
it feels
important
you were so chatty a minute ago
and yeah
it's a very engaging soap dispenser
I'm all about it
can I attempt to
mind link with the soap dispenser
it does not have a mind
okay
well now we know
yeah you found
that out I really
want to start our next shadow run
this guy
someone fucking give me
a mission
who are you
I'm eve libertine
I leave the bathroom
and I go find eve libertine
she's standing saying
someone give me a mission
hey uh
you want to talk about something for a while
go ahead
we need to
I want to make money
and
I accidentally killed a
person I think in the last mission
and I got a real taste for
for blood
alright
well uh you know typically we don't
make our own missions
we get called
with one I know all these kooky characters
come out of the woodwork and just throw us in the mix
can we solicit
adventures
we go around the bar and ask anybody if they need
an adventure a task or anything
that seems professional
you guys are
currently the only people at the bar
other than teddy and hank
I leave the bathroom
and suggest we maybe call
hack guy and see if he knows of anyone
in need
alright
who's gonna call him
I think eve libertine
alright
Spencer how do I call
you have a calm link
it's like a phone
alright let's do it calm link
who am I talking to
hack guy
what do you want
I'm sitting at the bar
five feet away
it's this viking
do you know anyone that wants to
take us out to kill a bunch
of people and make some money
no
no I don't know about that
shit
from outside you hear a car
you hear a car pull up
a car pulls up and into the
bar walks a middle aged blonde
woman in a drab uniform
the uniform of a corporate wage
slave
she appears tired from the daily
grind and seems to have gone a few
days without sleep she pulls up a chair
and just holds up a hand
and hank gives her a drink
see
that's how you get a shadow run
I
gymnastics over to her
you somersault
that's the title I think that's the title
neatly over to her
rise to your feet
at her side
she's startled
I'd say
more startled
what's your name
you don't know don't you try talking
to her
hey
hey I'm real nervous
why
what's your name
my name is Peggy
alright
sounds good to me
I've not seen you around this bar
before
this is our local watering hole
and we get pretty drunk
here all the time
yeah well I come here a lot
so I don't know how to deal with this
let me touch the chase
I
really want to
fucking help you with something
do you have any like secret missions
right
well that's
what
that's just
that's just uncanny
you know I've been busy lately
I've been staying late at work
and also my daughter's missing
it's just rough all over
bury the lead
how old's your daughter
you don't know your daughter's age
that's a little suspicious
it's been a couple months
not since I've seen her since her birthday
it's hard to keep track
I'm not following that
I cast Analyze Truth on her
to see if she's telling the truth
cause that's a little weird
she's
yeah she's telling the truth
she's clearly gone
without sleep she's a bit loopy or something
something's off about her
aura
mind probe
oh man
you see
all sorts of visions you see ghouls
and support groups
and therapy sessions
and daughters and child's toys
all in a flash it seems
this lady she's lost her daughter
who is a victim of HMHVV
that means she's a ghoul
and has to eat flesh
but she up and disappeared
extra scary cause she might be shot to death
cause you know, zombie
well
I got a lot from that
but we don't know
this is horrifying
I feel like my mind was just violated randomly
this is not why I come to the bar
your life's like an episode of Ninja Turtles
I'll take your word for it
sorry
that was probably me
how do you feel that way
I need another train
next round's on me
well
we'll happily
help you out with this situation
no listen
that's my friend hordegaard
he's a psychic and
hello
he was probably probing your mind
I don't know what he saw but he's right
you do seem like a troubled person
and
we are a crack troop of
I guess what you'd call shadow runners
I give Jim Nightlade the thumbs up
and I wink
yep those things happen
so you have a missing daughter
and again forgive me for prying
but she is a ghoul
we have some experience with that
and ghoul magnets
so
this one seems pretty cut and dry
I mean
where did you last see her
and let's get the magnet
you left the magnet back at the thing
I threw it
I was angry at the time because it was a ghoul magnet
I wasn't thinking maybe we
needed
for a mission
hindsight 2020
regardless we're good enough to do it without the ghoul magnet
oh shit
do what
to save your daughter
lady
sorry this is very disorienting
to have your mind read without saying anything
hey doctor friend
can you fucking like help this woman out
from her whatever just happened to her brain
do you have a healing ability
what does she need like some
what do you need
aspirin or something
just you know
some space
not to have my mind read
just to have tons of people offering me
all sorts of things
why don't we all like spread out
and just kind of pretend that we're all
in a bar alone together
and give the lady some space
did I say sorry yet
probably
okay well I give her a space
thank you
we're going to save your daughter
end of story
let's fucking save this woman's daughter
oh no
sorry it's a little tantrum I throw
um yeah I mean
look do you play darts
anybody
oh what's that
and I just walk away because I
I'm not good at this and I just go
and I get a drink and I go over
to doctor friend and I go
Jesus Christ we fucking suck at
shadow running like we were
terrible at it
Mary O'Donnell walks in
would it be creepy if I
got her and
bought her a drink
she's been working long hours
are you asking me
I guess I'm
asking the audience
she seems put off
by the fact that everyone's been
cycling up to her
but then again I don't have
any alternative suggestions I mean
I'm literally like fucking
mannequins what
what if we just ask her
where was the last place you saw your daughter
oh man
she used to be going to these
these these support groups
for zombies I'm sorry
you're called HMHVV survivors
it's cool teaches them how to cope
she used to be going
you know she went every week
she had a lot of good progress
but she didn't come back are they like
in the basement of churches and stuff like that
no they have their own storefronts
like a like a
real business like Weight Watchers
do you know who
sponsored of us
no no none of that
what if we go there
it's alright
I'm a bad listener and I
shit god damn it
you got this
you got it
excuse me for one second
ma'am
she said her daughter went to
like a weight loss group
a support group
but she doesn't know which one
she was going to many
she was going to all kinds of but she's a zombie
what was your favorite one
she used to go to flesh to
fresh but
flesh to fresh
I went over to see if she was
still there you know obviously that's the first
place he goes the last place you saw her
we said they didn't they didn't
they didn't they didn't she wasn't there
the next day place disappears
the whole place disappears
hold on hold on
just hold on a second it's not a shadow
give us one second
what's wrong with you
first of all she's over eager
she hasn't even given us a job
we don't know if she can pay us
one of you guys
must have a skill that involves
calming her down
I have the opposite of that we know that
I can impress her with
I have a moderate egg allergy
all right well we don't
even know she has any money
Jesus
is that what this is about man
yeah
no it's about
fucking what the fuck are you talking
it's goddamn 2078 there's
a dragon for a president yeah it's about
money what are you
what are you what are you
I'm with Ridley I'd feel really good if we saved this ladies daughter
Jesus Christ
everyone's high and we're all bad at
the just lady
do you have any money
yeah I mean yeah I got all sorts of
money I got weapons
I'm a small arms dealer on the side
how did I not see
that one oh it's not
you know in my common it's not in
the forefront of my thoughts because
my daughter is missing
bad enough
will you pay us to find her
I mean
sure okay that sounds great
let's agree on a sum
listen here's the deal
we go to the building we find out who
is the leaseholder
right somebody
up and left
find out who is the leaseholder of this now abandon
flesh to fresh to
whatever franchise
right people
will you put it yeah that's he's giving
you what he's giving you is called an estimate
a
how about 10 million will you give us 10
million are you fucking I don't have
10 million 10,000 you're saying
she's not worthy yeah that sounds great see that's
what you're supposed to do
who's that anti-semitic remark
yeah what
you're the face man
I am I'm Eve Libertine
yeah
she's the one that negotiates our jobs
no mercy does that
yeah mercy
or Donald Stephen King
Mary or Donald
am I mercy
Jesus Christ
it's 2077
gender is anywhere
you're right
10,000
5,000 up front
5,000 when we bring your daughter
and guns
lots and lots and lots of guns
I mean is it guns
or is it money I can pay you more
in guns if you give us the guns
we can help better
encounter any threats
on the way to finding your daughter
we are going up against ghouls here so
yeah I've been slammed at work I can only
give you a couple small side arms right now
boo
okay
well we'll take those and
then you can give us 10,000 after the job
great
let's do it
everybody put your hands in
and we're going to be good shadow runners this time
ship is sailed
for real
this one's going to run good
you want us to touch you
yeah not in the game
go team
we're not going to be here next week are we
we're not here next week
we're going to be in New York
two shows in New York
so we'll see
look out for the videos
come see us in New York
at the Gramercy Theater
two shows in a row
music
did you get any of that
it's a good show
music